# Inkwell-Inc-Generic
 This repository is reserved for the generic code of our text adventure and is managed by Dylan and Dom.
 
File Structure

To use these files you must create a folder named 'text_adventure' and put the files player.py, items.py, actions.py, enemies.py, map_tiles.py, world.py and currency_config.py into this folder. The files game.py and those prefixed with 'game' - i.e. game_items.py, game_enemies.py and game_map.py - should reside directly outside this folder. No files should be renamed. The contents of game_items.py, game_enemies.py and game_map.py can be freely edited although for the game to function you must create exactly one 'starting_room' and at least one 'victory_room' in game_map.py. Also note that, when creating map tiles with an enemy in them, it will be helpful to emphasise the name of the enemy with capitalisation - e.g. "This room has a Giant Spider in it!" This will indicate to the player how to reference the enemy when performing an action (more later). You must also create exactly one instance of the currency class under game_items.py and the name of this currency should match that in the currency_config.py file - this is the only file in text_adventure that can be edited to any degree (more info is provided in the file), hence the config prefix. All items, enemies and map tiles will also need to have the correct arguments. You can reference items.py, map_tiles.py and enemies.py to find out what these are for different classes (they have docstrings). When creating map tiles, you will need to reference items and enemies that you have created in the other two files - remember that you will need to prefix the items with 'game_items' and the enemies with 'game_enemies' - e.g. game_items.iron_sword and game_enemies.giant_spider. Finally, you can edit one line of the game.py file to change the player's starting inventory. You will see a line that creates an instance of the player using two arguments - a list and an integer. The list is a list of items that references the game_items file and the integer represents the amount of currency that they will start with.
 To start the game, simply run game.py through a terminal by typing 'python game.py' and follow the instructions. To perform an action, type in the action in lower case as shown in the action list that displays. If the action requires an argument, then you will be prompted to give it. This can be an item or an enemy; when referencing an item, type it with capitalisation as it appears when taking inventory, for example, and likewise when referencing an enemy - type it as it appears in the room description (e.g 'Iron Sword' or 'Giant Spider'). Finally, when playing the game, note that you should have a sword, shield and set of armour equipped at all times as entering combat without all of these equipped will most likely break the game. Note that this also implies that the player should have at least one of each of these in their starting inventory or otherwise should find them before they enter a combat room.
  Before creating a game it is recommended to play through the demo game provided first.
